as
fuji
you need to pray for your pressure and not
shut down
[music]
askona you mac operation of course
l and to the talkies and beyond hit a pedestrian accident
machine drive space vanished bumper
[applause]
Well, I seriously strengthened
Bunchon do not break
how many three weeks did they write
I take off well you
removes the car well
put down reason I told us you became
mustache like this machine together drive
hid there is our can only
get to the porch and
Levi mark his house for them just did not come
two batteries
[music]
ok reason
Let's start with the bitch nokia at attention.
but then you have a date for
but you spring pedestrians we have well
to the shooting gallery but you are not from the ternopil you
micha extra piece of transport problem
said i opened it carry a bottle
freeze and predzhe but come and now
instead of running bash on bash
but I would explain to you to open the bumper
beer well, as of 5
I was such a drunk inspector in the trash
and so here's your head soon for health
I was so ready to open the beer bumper
pretending inspect the ringed me wife
then almost a coffin for a radio and
say but did not say so maybe I
then itself so what to take away and the hero
[applause]
the essence of koinova right powder up
are found in the street and go to the lesson on
fraudster polls printers
[applause]
you suspect me
I went, I think that is on the way already
how many hold well let's wait 5 3 in 1
let's make up without trains we are waiting for 3 i
with russia i am russian i would learn russian
just because laziness was talking to them
[applause]
we are my skating inspector it's not me
this mayakovsky adult
power of attorney here I am tall man
create I grew a man no no
i 'm disturbing you wearing sober food
stop me and tell me what
attitude to the accident and mi chick explain to me
how are we looking for what side to your
crash cost 7 to form a 7th
running said bitch this pity me
don't push understand
go running than